(Gore)
Hey, kids!
I brought some presents
for my fans!
Hello?
That's weird.
They knew I was comin'.
Maybe they wanna surprise me...
(children playing)
(children clamoring)
(all gasping)
(all chattering)
(child)
Look how amazing he is!
(Gore)
24 hours ago, these tykes
were my biggest fans.
But overnight, all they
think about is Playmaker,
as if I'm yesterday's news.
(present thudding)
♪♪♪
(seagulls crowing)
Here goes!
Link in!
Oh, yeah!
I am a natural at this!
(Gore's AI)
Warning! Severe
Data Storm ahead!
Turn back.
Repeat: Turn back!
♪♪♪
No. Ain't nothing
but a breeze!
The Gore is gonna
conquer this storm.
One, two, three!
(grunting)
(grumbling)
(Gore)
Who's that?
Are you okay?
Yeah.
If Playmaker could learn
to tame the Data Storms,
then so can I.
Well, I certainly
hope you can.
'Cause Speed Dueling's what made
him an overnight sensation.
(scoffs)
He's just a flash in the pan!
Once I beat him,
I'll be back on top!
Yes, you will.
That punk thinks he can steal
my fans and get away with it?
I've fought too hard for them
to be making googly eyes
at Playmaker!
I'm gonna prove to those kids
that I'm the greatest!
Just one problem.
We have no idea
where Playmaker is.
Uh, but someone might.
♪♪♪
I didn't expect The Gore
to turn me down,
but I'll just have to approach
the next best duelist.
Now, I need to find someone
to defeat Playmaker...
(Gore)
You already did, Zaizen.
Wanna put your offer
back on the table?
(Zaizen)
It was never off the table.
I appreciate that
you've changed your mind.
You know what I want, Gore.
Defeat Playmaker
and bring his Ignis to me.
Sure, but you're gonna have
to do what I can't do,
and that means luring
Playmaker out into the open.
If you do that,
I promise that
Playmaker's winning streak
is gonna come to an end.
Very well.
Then I will make it happen.
♪♪♪
(radio playing)
(car horn honking)
Good luck!
Like you'll need it.
♪♪♪
(Yusaku)
Decode Talker...
(AI)
Ugh! No, no, no!
More to the left!
The left!
No, your other left!
(Roboppi)
Do you mean the right?
No, I mean the left!
Like this?
No!
That's not right!
The other left is right!
Right? Right? Right?
Do not yell at Roboppi!
Oh, glitch! He's not supposed
to be home from school yet!
Put me back!
♪♪♪
(whistling)
Well, nothing suspicious
going on here-- Whoa!
We're heading to link VRAINS.
Right now?
What's the rush?
A Knight of Hanoi showed up.
Whoa, hubba hubba...
Spiffy!
A high-tech hideaway!
It's time to link
into the VRAINS!
♪♪♪
Whoa! Whoa, slow down!
Bout time you showed up,
you rainbow colored pork chop!
You're in for a tenderizin'!
Uh, despite the getup,
he sure doesn't sound
like a Hanoi.
(Playmaker)
Yeah, there's something
off about him.
Yeah, off his rocker!
(maniacal laughing)
Your hate for the Hanoi
is legendary,
so I knew you couldn't
resist the temptation.
You're not dealing
with the Hanoi.
You're dealing with someone
much more dangerous!
The Gore's gonna
pound you to a pulp
in front of the whole world!
The Gore, huh?
Accessing database...
Ooh, his stats are way primo!
No wonder he's one of
the top celebrity duelists.
But he's no Hanoi.
I'm out.
(Gore)
You ain't going anywhere,
Playmaker!
This quarantine cage
is specially programmed
so that neither of us can
log out until our duel's done.
Get the picture?
You ain't skippin' away
from me this time.
And for stakes, if I win,
I get to take your AI.
You want my AI?
Not for me.
You sure wronged
the wrong folks.
What I want is to show my all my
adoring fans that you're nothing
but a fraud who got
a few lucky breaks!
And he looks like he'll break
your bones while he's at it!
I can handle him.
♪♪♪
(Kolter)
Looks like SOL Tech
programmed this cage.
Don't know why
they're helping Gore...
But looks like it's up to me
to even up the odds!
Seize the wind, Playmaker!
♪♪♪
Let's Speed Duel!
I get to make the first move!
Let's do this!
Entering the squared circle
is Gouki Suprex!
And when I summon
Gouki Suprex,
he lets me summon
a second Gouki!
Joinin' Gore's gang
is Gouki Twistcobra!
(hissing)
It's your turn, Playmaker.
Want me to search the net
to get the lowdown on him?
Don't bother.
His strategies
will not alter mine.
I draw!
First, I place
this card facedown.
And next, when there are
no monsters on my field,
I'm allowed to summon
this monster.
Come on out, Linkslayer!
(roaring)
Next, I summon Cyberse Wizard!
(man)
Yo, Gore!
Playmaker's gonna ride
all over you!
Get a clue.
Gore may be old school,
but he's seen every trick.
His experience is gonna give him
the edge for sure.
Oh, please!
Sorry, guy,
but Gore's day has passed.
Playmaker,
he's the future of dueling.
And the future's already here!
Show 'em Playmaker!
The showdown of showdowns
has begun!
Featuring the newest sensation
sweeping the Link VRAINS nation,
Playmaker!
But if you think The Gore's
giving up his fedora
that easily,
then you don't know
our champion!
So who you got, folks?
Playmaker or The Gore?
In a duel this big,
there can be only one winner,
and that winner is us!
Go Playmaker!
You're the bestest hero ever!
I drew this sign
with my markers!
They love Playmaker.
It's a good thing George
isn't around here
to see this.
It would crush him.
You can't blame the kids.
Playmaker is new and cool,
so of course they like him.
Yes, but after everything
George has done
for all of us,
I didn't think
they'd cheer this hard.
(Manager)
Well, I'm sure he'd hate
to break their little hearts,
but this is one duel
that Gore must win.
Although he seems to duel
for fame and glory,
it's only a means
to an end.
The end being the smiles
on all these kids' faces
no matter who they root for.
Eureka!
I found the program
that created the cage.
Pretty complex.
This is sure gonna be
a tough nut to crack.
Huh?
Instead of cracking the cage,
maybe I can slip through it.
Well, worth a shot.
I gotta ask fast before
Yusaku gets gored!
♪♪♪
So, you know how you told me
not to run
a background check on Gore?
Well, I did, and boy,
it's a doozy!
He always visits these
poor kids who don't have much
but are happier--
Are you intentionally
trying to distract me?
Uh, excuse me!
(cackling)
(Gore)
Since we both got
two monsters apiece,
this singles contest has turned
into a tag team match!
And guess which one of us
has got the bigger bruisers?
And when I pin you...
One, two, three's all I need.
You're down for the count.
Oh, yeah?
Not happening.
Go, Cyberse Wizard!
Use your special ability
to switch Gouki Suprex
to defense mode!
Oh, no!
And even if your monster's
in defense,
you still take damage
if I attack!
Linkslayer,
attack Gouki Suprex
with Giga Claw!
My Suprex doesn't have
any defense points.
That means you're taking
the full brunt of the damage
for a total
of 2,000 life points!
(groaning)
As I was saying,
The Gore donates
all his winnings
to an orphanage,
every last penny.
Even though his own gym
can use an upgrade.
Look at these kids' faces.
They do this thing where
they curl up their lips,
it's called a smile.
You ever try that?
(children cheering)
(girl)
Gore's about to lose!
Playmaker got him!
Gore's down!
I wuv Pwaymaker!
The more popular he became,
the more he earned.
So it's not an ego thing
that he needs to stay famous.
He's actually a sweet,
caring softy like me.
Just not as good looking.
I mean, look at me.
My eye.
And my eye...
Be that as it may, I still
need to win this duel,
because I fight
for something greater.
I will not lose,
not until I finish
the Knights of Hanoi forever.
Or, you could've said,
"I need to win because
I don't want
to lose you, Ai!"
But nooo!
That's not in your vocabulary!
Hmph!
But it shouldn't be
too hard to finish him.
I mean, look at him.
He's given up.
I've seen happier people
staring at
a bricked-out motherboard.
♪♪♪
Poor George...
No need to worry about him.
Why?
I've seen this play out
a thousand times.
The Gore I know has heart.
And this is not enough
to break it.
I don't think Gore's
gonna last much longer!
Yeah, it's almost over!
That's it!
The Gore has taken all
the punishment he can stand!
Oops, did I say stand?
He can barely kneel!
But if he doesn't get up by
the count of three, he's DQ'ed!
C'mon, guys,
let's count it off together!
One!
(all)
Two!
(snickers)
And thr--
(Gore grunting)
Whoa! No way!
I can't believe
what I'm seeing!
The Gore's back on his feet!
Wow, talk about the spirit
to struggle despite the odds!
It'll take more than that
to knock me out.
So let's keep
this match goin'.
With Suprex in my graveyard,
I can draw a new Gouki
to my hand.
He doesn't look like he has
any intention of giving up.
Any more accurate analysis
you can give me?
Okay, so I drew the,
how do you say,
not-exactly-perfect
conclusion.
But look at the facts!
His monster got clobbered as
badly as his life points did!
What was I supposed to think
when he was slumped over
like a blanket?
Well, maybe you should learn
not to judge solely on
how things seem to be.
Are you insinuating that
I'm an ignoramus?
I'm saying that you
have a lot to learn.
(AI, mocking)
"I'm saying that you have
a lot to learn."
C'mon, Gore.
You gotta dig down deep
to turn this duel around!
'Cause The Gore
always has more!
Check this out!
My Skill, Pain and Gain!
With this Skill,
I can resurrect all my Goukis
that were destroyed in battle
this turn!
It's my turn.
Yeah!
I'll start by using Riscorpio's
special ability to summon it
from my hand without
having to tribute!
Aww, glitch! The Gore
is back to full strength!
You're wrong.
He's not even close
to his full strength yet.
Time to mash up my circuit!
(AI whimpering)
♪♪♪
Link arrows authorized!
The summoning conditions require
at least two Gouki monsters.
And I have three!
My Suprex, along with
Twistcobra, and Riscorpio!
Link the circuit!
I Link Summon!
Link 3, Gouki The Great Ogre!
(children gasping)
They're awfully silent.
Because Gore stunned them
with his moves.
He's making a huge comeback.
And who doesn't love
an underdog?
I knew The Gore
would pull through!
He's gonna take
this duel home!
Let's go, Gore!
Yeah, all right, Gore!
(children cheering)
The Gore's about to
steamroll Yusaku big time.
This isn't good.
Come on...
I gotta get Yusaku
outta there fast!
♪♪♪
Time to close the show!
And send the fans home happy!
(Gore cackling)
Hurry it up, Gore.
Just defeat Playmaker
and take the Ignis from him.
Since I sent three Goukis
on my field to the graveyard,
I'm allowed to add three new
Gouki cards to my hand.
And you know what?
I got even more.
When The Great Ogre
is on the field,
all the other
face up monsters that are out
lose attack points equal
to their defense points!
Great Ogre, let 'em hear
your battle cry!
Shrieking Howl!
(loud shrieking)
Great! This duel
is heading south
faster than a flock
o' fighter jets!
I follow that up by activating
the spell card Gouki Re-Match!
I summon two Gouki
with different levels
from my graveyard
and put 'em in defense!
Defense? For all that bluster
about ending you,
he shored up
his defenses instead.
If my analysis is correct,
he's too scared to attack.
Oh? As accurate
as you were last time?
(scoffs)
I activate Twistcobra's
special ability!
He'll beef up my battle squad!
By tributing Gouki Riscorpio,
The Great Ogre gains
its attack points!
All 1,300 of 'em!
(AI)
If that furry freak attacks,
you'll be down
to 100 life points!
(Playmaker)
True, but I'll still be
alive for another turn.
You think that's a positive?
I'm positive that
you're outta your mind!
Good.
Playmaker has met his match.
You won't get another turn,
Playmaker!
By discarding Twistcobra,
I can summon Gouki Headbatt!
Swoop on in to the field!
♪♪♪
Headbatt's special ability
raises The Great Ogre's
attack points by 800,
more than enough to wipe out
all your life points!
And that completes my comeback!
Great Ogre, hit 'em
with your finisher!
(Gore cackling)